URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sT2e-L0pNA
Title: Cascade Platinum Plus Dishwasher Pods REVIEW
Description: Reviewing Cascade Platinum Plus Dishwasher Pods Cascade Platinum Plus HERE: https://amzn.to/39zPESw

Alright, I am going to be unboxing and reviewing the Cascade Platinum Plus pots for the dishwasher.
I'm going to actually be putting these to use to see how well it cleans my dishes.
I'm going to go ahead and open this up. So it comes in a container and I'm going to simply put my finger right here and pull this.
And it exposes the product inside. And inside is the washing pot to put in the washer.
And I'm about to put this in here to show you how well it cleans, to see how well it cleans, to see if it's worth it.
Right here. And so here it is right here. Here's the pot.
Let me go ahead and put this into the dishwasher.
Alright, so here is the pot right here. You see it comes in three different colors as well as the powder pack on the underneath side.
And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to look inside of the dishwasher and see there's a cup right here with, looks like cheese, spaghetti sauce in there.
I used that to pack for my lunch and it is quite messy in there.
I did not rinse it out so we'll see what the Cascade pot can do.
The utensils are fairly dirty. A lot of stuff on there. The pot is slightly dirty, not too bad.
Now look at this cup right here. This cup actually has coffee, chocolate, I mean mocha choco latte in there and so it comes pretty stained.
I have a container for my lunch that I had spaghetti in there.
And then there is a bowl with spaghetti on there too.
So this is going to be a heavy wash. Some things in there, a knife that's pretty dirty.
So this is going to be like a pretty good wash, not a heavy load.
We'll test out the Cascade pot. There it is right here.
I'm going to place this inside of the container, close it and turn it on.
Make it a speed one hour wash or 60 minutes, whatever you want to call it.
And I'll press start and then I'm going to see what it looks like after it gets done.
Alright, so the wash is completed so let's check up on it.
So I'm going to go ahead and open this up and look in here.
There's a little steam coming out. So we're going to check out the dishes.
Alright, now remember that one cup that was filled with cheese on the sides of it.
Well it is clean now. As you can see it's sparkling clean except for one spot that's in there.
It seems like some cheese or crud is still on there.
And now when I say I'm not blaming the pot for not being able to get this,
this thing was pretty dirty and it probably should have been rinsed out before I put it in there.
So that's just one area where it did not clean.
Alright, so let's check out this. That came really clean.
Alright, the utensils. You see utensils are nice and clean, nothing on there.
Now let's check out the top. Looks like a cup got turned over in here and water got collected.
But right here, let's look at this right here where it had chocolate, coffee, whatever in it.
It is crystal clean. And remember that bowl?
Bowl is nice and clean. There's a little bit of fog in there from the steam still rising.
But this came clean, absolutely clean.
And remember that spaghetti bowl back there? Look at that pristine clean.
So overall, I think this did a really good job.
The Platinum Plus right here, the Cascade Platinum Plus did a really good job.
I'm pretty impressed by it.
Alright, hopefully that was helpful. Thanks a lot for watching.
