URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhH_fTMDtB0
Title: Best Diapers of 2024: Coterie Diaper Review
Description: 've used Coterie diapers https://coterie.sjv.io/nLxz0a for over 2 years for my kid's new born, baby and toddler stages. And in this video I will tell you why I love them and personally believe they are the best diapers of 2024. In this description I have affiliate links which means, if purchases are made using those links, I will receive a small commission.

I bet you are trying to find the best diapers
for your precious little one, aren't you?
I know how you feel.
I'm a mother of a five and a two-year-old.
I've tried a lot of diaper brands
and I have come across one that I stopped at
and I've been using for over two years now.
That is why I wanna share with you guys
the brand that I think is the best out there,
the Cottery or Cottery.
I don't know how to say it.
This brand right here,
this is my personal experience and my personal opinion,
so I recommend you go and try them out for yourself
before you believe me.
So there are four main things to consider
when choosing a diaper brand.
That is ingredients, absorbency, comfort, and price.
And I will go over these four topics briefly
to hopefully help you in your decision-making process.
I will also link to these diapers in my description below
for your convenience so you can check them out.
So first of all, it's the ingredients.
They are made of 25% plant-based material
and they're also free of 200 plus harsh chemicals,
which to me is a big deal.
Has no fragrances, no lotions, latex, rubber, dyes, alcohol,
heavy metals, parabens, pesticides, or chlorine bleaching.
That's a big deal.
To me, that's a good enough list to be like,
what a relief, you know?
And then I also really like that they are just plain white
because if you are wearing a cute outfit for your baby,
that's just like a thin material,
you don't really, I don't really want a pattern
or some color to show through their clothes.
So I do appreciate just the white look.
Second is the absorbency.
This is the best diaper I have found
with this kind of absorbency.
It can hold 70% more liquid
than other leading diaper brands.
Like at night, you don't have to worry about leaks
or blowouts.
And I have tried other ones.
I've tried Pampers and Honest,
and I've had so many blowouts with those,
especially with my newborn baby.
But with Cottery, I did not have a problem
with any blowouts or leaks at all.
And I'm not exaggerating.
And the awesome thing is the material
that's holding the liquid in here
is absorbed in such a way that keeps your skin dry.
So the baby's skin is a lot more drier
than other brands that you would try out there.
So sometimes life gets busy,
and I just, sometimes it's been that I did forget
to change my baby's diaper,
even though it was full.
And for a long time,
I never had problems with rash or itching.
So absorbency, just excellent.
It also does have this wetness indicator,
this line that changes color when the diaper is wet.
So it kind of lets you know to change them.
And I think most diapers have that.
The third thing is the comfort.
These, seriously, if you try them,
they're very, very soft.
I think something that would be close to the softness
of this diaper would be the Pampers Pure.
I used them before, and they are very soft,
but still I would get leaks in those ones, not in these.
So these are super duper soft material.
And I really like these, like the ruffles here,
they're a little bit bigger, like longer.
And I appreciate that because then you can see very clearly
if anything's folded inside
or like something's not aligned properly.
You just see it very nicely.
It's like obvious.
And they're very easy to move around in.
My kids just run and play,
and I never see them itching
or having some kind of a discomfort unless they pooped.
But that's about it.
And so I have a lot of nephews,
and I was changing one of my nephews one day,
and of course his brand of diaper was something else.
And I saw some lines on the creases of his legs,
and he was itching there.
And I'm like, man, buddy,
tell your mom to get a different diaper brand.
Come on, man.
But it's just sad to see little kids like uncomfortable,
but they can't really tell you.
And so that is kind of a big deal.
Like you want your kids comfortable.
They're wearing these all day long.
It's on their butt.
And I just care for my kids,
so I want them to be comfortable.
Lastly is the price.
So there's different ways that you can purchase these.
If you want just one pack,
you would have to get it at a store.
And I know that Whole Foods sell them.
That's where I used to buy them.
I don't know what other stores would carry this brand,
but I know Whole Foods does.
So there I would buy per one pack.
It would range from 17.99 to 19.99,
depending on what size you're getting
and if there's a sale or not.
I found out there's another option, and that is online.
On cottery.com, they have an option
to buy a full month worth of supply.
And that would be for $100.
Or you could do a subscription for their auto renew,
and that's $90, so $10 cheaper.
And that's for any size.
So just a flat rate for any size diapers.
I finally did the auto renew subscription
because I found myself wasting too much time
going to the store, buying a pack of diapers
when I was running out,
and it caused a lot of like headache and stress,
and it wasted my time.
So I'm like, fine, I'll get the subscription.
And so I just tried it out,
and I ended up keeping it for a while
because it was so convenient.
Like you can cancel, you can pause it,
and you can change the size of your diapers
whenever you're ready to like size up.
So that was super nice.
By the way, this is not sponsored.
I'm not trying to promote,
but like I'm just sharing my experience.
It's a big deal, you know,
it's a big part of your kid's journey
and like mothering and parenting.
So that's why I'm talking about this
because I am a mother too.
So yes, these do cost more.
My sister was telling me,
oh, isn't it sad for you to pay that much money
for something you're throwing away anyway every day?
And I was like, well, you know,
I see it a little bit differently.
My baby is wearing this all day long,
every single day for about a couple years.
Doesn't it matter how they're feeling?
And more importantly, what ingredients
is touching their skin,
especially knowing that it's wet
and they're just in it all day.
I think that's a pretty big deal.
So I see it that way instead of like,
oh, I'm throwing them in the garbage.
No, my baby's wearing them all day.
And so that's why paying a little bit of a higher price
to me, it's worth it.
If you're a person that loves content
that inspires you to live a purposeful life
as a young mother with helpful tips
and demonstrations of products
that I use to simplify my life,
I encourage you to subscribe to this channel
because I'll be posting more things here coming soon.
And if this video was helpful, give it a like.
I so appreciate you guys.
I hope you have an amazing and blessed day.
